[Term Entry] Python:Pandas dataframe at #4520 (#5007)
Codecademy/docs: content/pandas/concepts/dataframe/terms/at/at.md

> ---
> Title: '.at[]'
> Description: 'Access a specific value in row/column pairs in a dataset.' 
> Subjects: 
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags: 
>   - 'Data Structures'
>   - 'Pandas'
> CatalogContent: 
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/data-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.at[]'
Description: 'Returns a specific value in row/column pairs in a dataset.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: "Returns" sounds better

> In Pandas, the **`.at[]`** function is used as an accessor to fetch a specific value located in a DataFrame with the aid of row/column pairs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pandas, the **`.at[]`** function is used as an accessor to fetch a specific value from a `DataFrame` using row/column pairs.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
dataframe.at[position, label]
```

> -`position`:The label of the row to be accessed.
> -`label`:Name of the column to be accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `position`: The label (index) of the row where the specific value is located.
- `label`: The label (column name) of the column where the specific value is located.
```

Reviewer: Reframed these to more readable parameter descriptions

The result returned is a single element located at the specified position within the DataFrame.

## Example

The following example shows the use of the `.at[]` accessor function:

```py

> import pandas as pd
> 
> df = pd.DataFrame({'A': [1, 2], 'B': [3, 4]})
> element = df.at[0, 'B']
> 
> print(element)  # Output: 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import pandas as pd

# Create a DataFrame with two columns 'A' and 'B'
df = pd.DataFrame({'A': [1, 2], 'B': [3, 4]})

# Use .at[] to access the element at row 0, column 'B'
element = df.at[0, 'B']

# Print the accessed element
print(element)  
```

Reviewer: Added comments for better understanding. Note that you can add comments in the example section, avoid having comments for the codebyte section.

```

> 

Reviewer: Add a ```shell block to show the output

## Codebyte Example

> The below codebyte example uses the .at[] accessor to access a specific element in a DataFrame at a given position and column label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following codebyte to understand how the `.at[]` accessor is used to access a specific element in a DataFrame at a given row and column label:
```

Reviewer: The term should always be in backticks (` `) and for the codebyte example, the description should start like "Run the following codebyte...."

```codebyte/python

> import pandas as pd
> 
> # Creating a sample dataframe
> data = {
>     'Name': ['Alice', 'Bob', 'Charlie'],
>     'Age': [25, 30, 35],
>     'City': ['New York', 'Los Angeles', 'Chicago']
> }
> 
> df = pd.DataFrame(data)
> 
> # Accessing a single element using .at[]
> element = df.at[1, 'City']
> 
> print(element)  # Output: Los Angeles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import pandas as pd

data = {
    'Name': ['Alice', 'Bob', 'Charlie'],
    'Age': [25, 30, 35],
    'City': ['New York', 'Los Angeles', 'Chicago']
}

df = pd.DataFrame(data)

element = df.at[1, 'City']

print(element)  
```

Reviewer: Avoid having comments here

---
Title: '.at[]'
Description: 'Access a specific value in row/column pairs in a dataset.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> In Pandas, the **`.at[]`** function is used as an accessor to fetch a specific value located in the dataframe with the aid of row/column pairs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Pandas, the **`.at[]`** function is used as an accessor to fetch a specific value located in a DataFrame with the aid of row/column pairs. 
```
Reframed the sentence for more readability.

## Syntax

```pseudo
dataframe.at[position, label]
```
-`position`:Position of the element within the column.<br>

> -`label`:Name of the column to be accessed.

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
-`position`:The label of the row to be accessed.
-`label`:Name of the column to be accessed.
```
The label word instead of the element word is used to clarify that `position` Is the row label.

> The result returned is a single element located at the specified position within the dataframe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The result returned is a single element located at the specified position within the DataFrame.
```
DataFrame is the correct way to refer to an object.

> ## Example
> 
> The following example shows the use of the `.at[]` accessor function:
> 
> ```py
> import pandas as pd
> 
> df = pd.DataFrame({'A': [1, 2], 'B': [3, 4]})
> element = df.at[0, 'B']
> 
> print(element)  # Output: 3
> ```
> 
> This bit of code gives out the following output:
> 
> ```shell
> 3
> ``` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example

The following example shows the use of the `.at[]` accessor function:

```py
import pandas as pd

df = pd.DataFrame({'A': [1, 2], 'B': [3, 4]})
element = df.at[0, 'B']

print(element)  # Output: 3
```

This bit of code gives out the following output:

```shell
3
``` 
```
The example should show demonstrate the use of trace function to find the travel of a square matrix instead of simply showing how the at accessor works in pandas.Please implement this change.

## Codebyte Example

> The below codebyte example uses the .at[] accessor to access a specific element in a dataframe at a given position and column label:

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
The below codebyte example uses the .at[] accessor to access a specific element in a DataFrame at a given position and column label:
```

> ```at/python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```at/python
```

Codebyte block that supports python is ```codebyte/python```.

Reviewer 2: Instead of using this ```at/python for codebyte example, you should use:

```codebyte/python 
//code to be written
```
I hope now you get it, You can have a look at the [style-guide.md](documentation/style-guide.md) file for better understanding.
